Added Configuration files for running in Maestro HPC at Pasteur Institute, Paris (#279)
nf-core/configs: docs/pipeline/eager/maestro.md

# nf-core/configs: maestro eager specific configuration

Extra specific configuration for eager pipeline for human DNA data processing

## Usage

To use, run the pipeline with `-profile maestro,<qos>,<type>`, where <qos> can be normal or long and <type> can be nuclear or mitochondrial

This will download and launch the eager specific [`maestro.config`](../../../conf/pipeline/eager/maestro.config) which has been pre-configured with a setup suitable for the Maestro cluster.

Example: `nextflow run nf-core/eager -profile maestro,normal,nuclear`

## eager specific configurations for maestro

Specific configurations for maestro has been made for eager.

> We decided not to provide any Tool parameter here and focus the profile only for ressource management: Maestro profiles runs with default nf-core/eager parameters, but with modifications concerning time (limit to 24h in normal qos so increasing the memnory and CPUs, specially for alignments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We decided not to provide any tool parameters here, and focus the profile only for resource management: Maestro profiles runs with default nf-core/eager parameters, but with modifications concerning time (limit to 24h in normal qos, so increasing the memory and CPUs, specially for alignments).
```

## nuclear

Increases the number of CPUs and the amount of memory for key processes

##mitochondrial

more limited computational ressources

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
